This gift is all yours. Of course my dad had everything.
How is it possible.
Came down. Things are priceless.
It is available in case of top orders. We have ten lifetimes.
A hundred lifetimes will never be spent.
yes. This is all for you.
Four generations. All gone.
Off. yes. Our little hole became so rich while working.
It seems that the hole did not lie to us.
Although in my heart, it doesn't matter whether you have money or not.
But seeing you like this makes me really happy.
Now I am qualified to compare with you.
They are princes.
That's how you play it
It's obvious that you are incompetent
Now it can't compare to Liuqi's millions
The fart forest sent by my brother-in-law
That would be a hundred times a thousand times stronger
This matter is up to you, Bai Shaoding.
What does he want from this?
He sent someone to call me Sun Guolai